Added simple makefiles for linux, win32 and osx. Mild testing on all got done.
Copy Makefile.? to Makefile and run make/nmake.

You'll need SDL2 ( http://www.libsdl.org/download-2.0.php )

Compared to starting point boxplorer-1.02:
- added z-buffering splining, rough keyframe editing and visualization.
- changed some controls around.

Keyboard control:

W,A,S,D + mouse : move, look around
Q,E             : roll
Z,C             : adjust movement speed

Keyframe control:

HOME      : splines keyframes and starts going along path
            (needs at least two keyframes be defined..)
END       : jump to last keyframe
TAB       : jumps to next keyframe
BACKSPACE : jumps to previous keyframe
SPACE     : add current camera as new next keyframe
DEL       : delete last keyframe

CTRL-SPACE: rewrite currently selected keyframe with camera
CTRL-TAB  : start playing from current keyframe
CTRL-DEL  : delete currently selected keyframe

When clicking the mouse once or hitting ESC,
a mouse cursor appears. Hoover over a blue keyframe bar and
the console should say which keyframe is under the cursor.
You can try drag the keyframe bar with the mouse.

Controls that affect the currently selected keyframe:

NUMPAD 7, 9  or
mousewheel     : adjust camera speed
NUMPAD 2,4,6,8 : move keyframe up/down/left/right

Once you have a sequence you want to render to a movie,
restart with argument --render.
Thus like 'boxplorer your.cfg --render'.
Rendered frames will be written to the .data directory that
is associated with the .cfg file (your.cfg.data/).
Change resolution in your.cfg to desired movie resolution.
--render --speed takes the speed parameter from your.cfg and only
renders a frame every a fixed distance along the spline. Constant speed.
--render --time takes the fps parameter into account and outputs a
frame based on the time difference between keyframes.

Options for stereoscopic rendering:

--xeyed      : cross eyed side-by-side (half horizontal resolution).
--overunder  : over-under mode (half vertical resolution).
--interlaced : Zalman display interlaced mode (left odd, right even).
--sidebyside : half width, right eye on right. Compatible with 3d tvs.
--quadbuffer : OpenGL quad buffer. Tested on an AMD Radeon 7970 and an Optoma HD600X-LV

Other output formats:
--cubic      : output 6 cube faces, when rendering or saving a screenshot.
--dome       : render 180 degree looking up view.
--spherical  : render 360x180 degree view.

To make a flight path form a loop, edit the .cfg file to have it
contain a line 'loop 1'. Or add --loop on the commandline.

I added a couple sample configs, that include alternate fragment.glsl code to
either change the box appearance or switch fractal entirely (bulb,
menger,blend-menger).

-marius
